# Google Cloud Product Checker

This project aims to provide a tool to check the availability of Google Cloud products in the different regions.

Why? I got tired of checking the availability of Google Cloud products in the different regions manually in the
frustrating table provided by Google Cloud on https://cloud.google.com/about/locations.

> Note: This project is based on the official Google Cloud website data. If the website changes, this project may not work anymore. 

## What I want

I just want a simple way to answer the following questions:

- Is this product available in this region?
- What are the regions where this product is available?
- What are the products available in this region?
- What are the regions where this product is not available?
- What are the products not available in this region?

## 🚧🚧🚧 Work in progress

## Components
- `fetcher`: a set of scripts to fetch the data from Google Cloud official website and generate a json file
- `web`: a web app to display the data. Build and generated as a static website using Nuxt.js
  - the website is static and does not need a backend. It gets the data from the json file generated by the fetcher. It is done this way to drastically reduce the size of the web pages and make the website as fast as possible.
- `api`: an api to expose the data. Build using Flask
    - reason? I don't know yet. I just want to build an api.

## Techs
- Google Cloud Platform
    - official website
    - Cloud Run
    - Firebase Hosting
    - Artefacts Registry
- Python
    - BeautifulSoup
    - Requests
    - Flask
- Javascript
- Nuxt.js
- Docker


## Tasks

- [x] (fetcher): Get all regions, zones and their names
- [x] (fetcher): Get all products, their regions and availability
  - [x] take into account regional products
  - [ ] take into account multi-regional products
  - [ ] take into account global products
- [ ] (web): build a web app to display the data
  - [ ] add the ability to filter by region
  - [ ] add the ability to filter by product
  - [ ] add the ability to filter by availability
  - [ ] add the ability to compare the availability of products between regions
- [ ] (api): build an api to expose the data
